<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@azure/msal-common](./msal-common.md) &gt; [ServerAuthorizationTokenResponse](./msal-common.serverauthorizationtokenresponse.md)

## ServerAuthorizationTokenResponse type

Deserialized response object from server authorization code request. - token\_type: Indicates the token type value. Can be either Bearer or pop. - scope: The scopes that the access\_token is valid for. - expires\_in: How long the access token is valid (in seconds). - refresh\_in: Duration afer which a token should be renewed, regardless of expiration. - ext\_expires\_in: How long the access token is valid (in seconds) if the server isn't responding. - access\_token: The requested access token. The app can use this token to authenticate to the secured resource, such as a web API. - refresh\_token: An OAuth 2.0 refresh token. The app can use this token acquire additional access tokens after the current access token expires. - id\_token: A JSON Web Token (JWT). The app can decode the segments of this token to request information about the user who signed in. - key\_id: A string that uniquely identifies a public key that the request is bound to.

In case of error: - error: An error code string that can be used to classify types of errors that occur, and can be used to react to errors. - error\_description: A specific error message that can help a developer identify the root cause of an authentication error. - error\_codes: A list of STS-specific error codes that can help in diagnostics. - timestamp: The time at which the error occurred. - trace\_id: A unique identifier for the request that can help in diagnostics. - correlation\_id: A unique identifier for the request that can help in diagnostics across components. - status: the network request's response status

**Signature:**

```typescript
export type ServerAuthorizationTokenResponse = {
    status?: number;
    token_type?: AuthenticationScheme;
    scope?: string;
    expires_in?: number;
    refresh_in?: number;
    ext_expires_in?: number;
    access_token?: string;
    refresh_token?: string;
    refresh_token_expires_in?: number;
    id_token?: string;
    client_info?: string;
    foci?: string;
    spa_code?: string;
    spa_accountid?: string;
    key_id?: string;
    error?: string;
    error_description?: string;
    error_codes?: Array<string>;
    suberror?: string;
    timestamp?: string;
    trace_id?: string;
    correlation_id?: string;
    claims?: string;
};
```
**References:** [AuthenticationScheme](./msal-common.authenticationscheme.md)

